what is going on average nation it is
Thursday which you know what time that
is it is Sir prediction time for what
sir will bring to the tower tomorrow
March twentieth and brief update on a
couple of things to chat about before we
get to the meat of the predictions so
the last time that I will use the l word
on this series and I'm talking about not
no not that l word i'm talking about the
leaker edward is on this video and so I
am so so happy if you guys have not been
catching up with my prediction videos
there was this guy that claim to a you
know have some insider knowledge and you
know claimed that he hacked the game and
leaked a couple of weeks worth of zarur
items that he was going to bring to the
tower he's actually ride a couple of
times and then bungee said you know what
nobody messes with our game people have
been wanting Red Death for a long time
so you know what guy we're going to make
all your predictions wrong and we're
gonna let sir bring Red Death it was
epic it you can't tell me that that was
not bungee just saying you know what
screw you leaker we're gonna bring the
Red Death we know people have been
wanting it for ever and we're gonna show
you what you know leaker I thought it
was great anyways that's the last time
we're gonna talk about the leaker on
this series so let's get into the actual
predictions its iron banner week in
every iron banner I promised myself I'm
not gonna do it to myself I'm not gonna
grind anymore and then I I end up doing
it because Lord salad has the the really
sweet looking chest piece this time and
I hate the crotas end' chest piece I
mean come on it looks like a hobo with
all the Taddy rat rat eat at rags and
everything flapping off my behind I want
to replace that with the iron banner
chest piece so I'm going I'm on the
grind again and you sir usually bring
stuff related to PvP whenever there's an
banner at least a least I've that's what
I've seen him do in the past so for
hunters we're gonna say radiant dance
machines these things are only good in
PvP and really only if you have the the
mida multi-tool scout rifle equipped and
so will go with radiant dance machines
for Titans uh you guys got so many good
exotics it's hard to pick one but but
will we go with the armamentarium just
because he hasn't brought it in a while
and warlocks warlocks warlocks warlocks
we have such a love hate relationship
with serve and we're really in the
middle of probably the best stretch of
weeks for warlocks that szura has ever
had I mean there hasn't been a whiff of
some breakers or Starfire protocol in
quite a few weeks I'm he's brought the
claws of all home car he's brought void
Fang vestments he's brought the skull of
dire ahankara he has brought the the
heart of the practicing fire I mean what
more could we ask for well you kind of
go down the list and you know you have
obsidian mind and you have apotheosis
fail those are really the only two he
hasn't brought in a while so it's really
between those so i'll go with obsidian
minus the better of the two apotheosis
Vale has a utility and crotas and end
but outside of that that's really it but
if city in mind is one of the best
exotics for warlocks I like it better
than my heart of the praxic fire and as
you guys know I prefer Sun singer so
that's that's saying a lot as far as the
weapon goes will go with the last word
we'll stick to the theme of a good pvp
exotics last word is one of the best
exotics for PvP it's right up there a
thorn and people have been telling me
Red Death is a really good in PvP I
haven't leveled mine up but yeah I I
tend to take out a lot of people in PvP
that are using red death with my thorn
so i'll stick to my hand cannons thank
you very much and hopefully zur will
will bring last word because i do not
have it yet well there you guys have it
leave a comment down in the comment
section below what you think sir will
bring to the tower
duh we'll see if one of us can be right
so subscribe follow me on Twitter do
whatever it is you guys do we'll see in
the next game